1.what are media queries?
ans)Media Queries is a CSS3 module allowing content rendering to adapt to conditions such as screen resolution (e.g. smartphone screen vs. computer screen) 
2.in media queries what are following props min-width,max-width, resolution, screen?
ans)max width:The maximum width of the display area, such as a browser window
minwidth:The minimum width of the display area, such as a browser window
resolution:The resolution of the output device, using dpi or dpcm
screen:Used for computer screens, tablets, smart-phones etc
print:Used for printers 
3.what are position property values in css?
ans)The position property specifies the type of positioning method used for an element (static, relative, absolute or fixed).
static	Default value. Elements render in order, as they appear in the document flow	Play it »
absolute	The element is positioned relative to its first positioned (not static) ancestor element	Play it »
fixed	The element is positioned relative to the browser window	Play it »
relative	The element is positioned relative to its normal position, so "left:20px" adds 20 pixels to the element's LEFT position	Play it »
initial	Sets this property to its default value
4.what is float and clear property in css?
ans)Use float with a list of hyperlinks to create a horizontal menu. Use float to create a homepage with a header, footer, left content and main content. Elements after a floating element will flow around it. To avoid this, use the clear property.
5.what is bootstrap grid system?rows and columns?
ans)Bootstrap's grid system allows up to 12 columns across the page.If you do not want to use all 12 column individually, you can group the columns together to create wider columns
6.what are xs, sm ,md,lg in bootstrap?
ans)The Bootstrap grid system has four classes:
xs (for phones)
sm (for tablets)
md (for desktops)
lg (for larger desktops
7.DIFF B/N container and container fluid?
ans)div class="container"> it will bring your container to the center of your viewport 
where as
<div class="container-fluid"> streaches the container to the full width of the viewport 
8.what are break points to be use in media queries for mobile, tablets, medium size desktops and large?
ans) We can add a breakpoint where certain parts of the design will behave differently on each side of the breakpoint.




